Add public readme (#2)
streamshub/.github: profile/README.md

## About

Open source resources for building real-time event-driven services and data pipelines on Kubernetes.

There is a rich ecosystem of open source projects providing event-driven and real-time data infrastructure, including Apache Kafka, Flink, Spark, Pulsar, and many more. 
Navigating this ecosystem is often difficult, and knowing how to deploy, run, and combine these projects can be daunting.

> StreamsHub provides a curated set of projects, templates, tools, and documentation to help infrastructure engineers build services that support event-driven architectures (EDA) on Kubernetes. 

Reviewer: Should it be about the "goal" of StreamsHub? That gives a hint there are still gaps in what is already provided and a future roadmap, etc.

```suggestion
The goal of StreamsHub is to provide a curated set of projects, templates, tools, and documentation to help infrastructure engineers build services that support event-driven architectures (EDA) on Kubernetes. 
```
